Leroy's pokemon black and white
walkthrough part 47 welcome back ladies
and gentlemen we're here in the elite 4
and pokemon black and whites ready to
take on the second member last time we
defeated the ghost type user Chantal
today I think we're gonna go ahead and
fight Grimsley the dark side user so
let's go ahead and go inside the second
door here of course you can go in
whatever order you once I just prefer to
go around in the clockwise circular
order see I Grimsley has like this
elaborate intro here but I guess they
all do and he has like that giant
chandelier up there
the a Grimsley is a dark side user so
fighting types will work really awesome
if you have a fighting type mom you
should probably put it up front also
blood types are super effective in some
dark so anyways it's not further ado
let's go ahead and start this battle and
I love how those big flames like ignite
right when you step up here anyways
Grimsley's talking about how there's all
sorts of challengers lately probably
because yeah and the leader of Team
Plasma was coming in here trying to
defeat older yeah Grimsley versus Leroy
I love when that big screen pops up and
you get to see the challengers anyway so
Grimsley's gonna start off with ass
crafty crafty is parked fighting in part
dark so it's weak to fighting and flying
types knows the moves sand attack crunch
poison jab and Brick Break so I'm a
couple of good moves in there crafty is
a really good defensive Pokemon with
some good attacking power as well in
fact its defenses are so good I'm not
sure a hammer-on will knock it out one
hit I think if I do that he'll probably
just end up healing because he'll be in
the red zone so I'm gonna go ahead and
use flamethrower it'll do a little bit
less damage but that way I'll avoid him
healing and yeah he's gonna use sand
attack he likes to use that move to
lower your accuracy it's not really too
bad unless uses it a bunch like I can
get by with one
in fact so let me try my hammer on right
here and there we go just like that we
knock him out yeah I just think if I
used it hammer on on the first move he
would have gone to like 10% left health
and he would have healed so if at all
possible always try to avoid putting him
in the red zone for HP I am gonna switch
out here his next Pokemon his krookodile
which is parked around sighs and I'm
liek to ground
not to mention crocodile has the
intimidate ability which lowers your
attacks so I'm gonna go over to my
special attacker instead I'm that's a
pretty good strategy against Koopa bad
krookodile is weak to fighting bug water
grass and ice so a lot of weaknesses you
should be able to find something um
preferably a special attacker so you
don't have to deal with me intimidate um
krookodile there's some pretty good
moves including crunch dragon cloth foul
playing earthquake those are all this
moves actually so um yeah some really
powerful moves in there if good news is
that krookodile has low defenses so if
you can manage to hit it you'll probably
knock him out um and Crabbie's oh you
got a critical head that sucks okay I
was gonna try to use rain dance and surf
but whatever alright so he got really
lucky metacritic we'll hit so I'll go
over to jungle gym now keep in mind the
intimidates only gonna happen on the
first turn e switches in so after that
feel free to go to who everyone so right
now I can go to jungle gym and hopefully
knock it out with a seed bomb always
barely gonna live and foul play is if
darkside move probably won't knock me
out so seriously another critical hit
ice to critical hits in a row that is
like absolutely ridiculous
screwing me over over here okay I guess
I'll go back to Emboar
now this is what I was talking about
earlier he's in the red zone for HP so
he's probably gonna heal so I'm just
gonna go ahead and use hammer arm and
that should knock him out in one head so
I'm not too worried about it
yeah krookodile on all good physical
attacking pokemon really high speed but
not too hot of defense's hit it with the
good super effective move like that and
he will be down for the count
um but yeah Kirk it out can really get
you with its earthquake and crush and
foul plates neither do a decent amount
of damage um all right now get us
support with 46 not bad next up is as
Lyford probably as easy as fel c'mon to
knockout um so I think I'll switch over
here to valve Angela um I have all the
confidence in the world that envoie can
knock it out but websphere over here
it's really close to getting up a level
so I figured I should take care of that
now liepard is weak to fighting and bug
it knows fake outs attract aerial ace at
night / um it also has the limber
ability so don't try to paralyze it
because it can never be paralyzed so I'm
just gonna go ahead and use a signal
beam that's a super effective bug Titan
move well of course he always uses fake
outz it's a knowing move that makes you
flinch automatically and it always goes
first that you can only use it once so
now I just need to take this night slash
in the Sigma beam will probably take
care of it all but you get another
critical it's like is this a joke right
now is this like actually happening
three critical hits in a row so like
knock out half of my team I can't even
believe this because I should be like
destroying you right now okay back over
to n bar again and let's take care of it
the old-fashioned way
it's a hammer-on and if he gets another
critical head I'm actually gonna flip
that um see at um wiper has like decent
attacking power and really bad defenses
it's Troy fast is all but it's a really
easy Pokemon the deal with Eleonora too
much about it this last one here is a
little bit tough virgins Bisharp is
highest level pokemon it's a dark and
steel type meaning it's 4 x weeks of
fighting it's also weak to ground and
fire any fighting-type move will put
this thing in its place like no worries
on it does no aerial ace to count your
fighting sight it's also metal flaw a
night slash and x-scissor
this chef has really good physical
attacking power but like I said that
four times weakness to fighting it just
can't deal with that at all
um but this aerial ace might knock me
out so I'm a little worried Oh button
bar hangs on that is awesome
all right ethic finished in the battle
then so hammer on will finish him off
but if you don't have a fighting type I
would go with special attacks because
this sharp has really good physical
defense but yeah that's it though so
that was like an annoying battle I got
really unlucky but what was it too bad
in the end I guess oh yeah another thing
about Bisharp don'ts try to lower it
stats because it's defiant buildi will
actually boost up its own attack if you
try to lower its attacker defense or
anything really so try to avoid that so
yeah some last words from Grimsley and
then we can teleport back to the main
floor here and next time we will be
heading into the third room to take on
this psychic user in the Elite Four so
stay tuned for that umm so yeah we're
halfway done with the Elite Four and
it's only gonna get harder from here on
out sell see you guys in the next video
so stay tuned for more